.TH CanedaFilter "1" "April 2005" "Debian/GNU Linux" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
CanedaFilter \- A filter synthesis application.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B canedafilter
[\fIOPTION\fR] ...
.SH DESCRIPTION

\fBCaneda\fR is an integrated circuit simulator which means you will be
able to setup a circuit with a graphical user interface (GUI) and
simulate the large-signal, small-signal and noise behaviour of the
circuit.  After that simulation has finished you will be able to
present the simulation results on a presentation page or window.

The software aims to support all kinds of circuit simulation types,
e.g. DC, AC, S-parameter, harmonic balance analysis, noise analysis,
etc.

\fBCanedaFilter\fR is the filter synthesis tool used by Caneda.  By use of
an input dialog the user can create a filter which is then copied into
the system-wide clipboard.  In \fBCaneda\fR the user opens an empty
schematic and presses CTRL-V (paste from clipboard). The filter
schematic is now inserted and can be simulated.

Available filter types are: Butterworth, Bessel, Chebyshev, Cauer.

.SH AVAILABILITY
The latest version of Caneda can always be obtained from
\fBwww.caneda.tuxfamily.org\fR
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Known bugs are documented within the BUGS file.  Report bugs to
<caneda-bugs@lists.tuxfamily.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005 Michael Margraf <michael.margraf@alumni.tu-berlin.de>
.PP
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH AUTHORS
Written by Toyoyuki Ishikawa <ishikawa@conceptkeeper.net> and Michael
Margraf <michael.margraf@alumni.tu-berlin.de>.
